Add TPN entry for Date/Time processing algorithm (#73128)
dotnet/runtime: THIRD-PARTY-NOTICES.TXT

You may use this code for any purpose, as long as you leave the copyright notice and book citation attached.

> Note for code from Euclidean Affine Functions and Applications to Calendar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice for Euclidean Affine Functions and Applications to Calendar
```

Reviewer: This matches all the other entries. I see no reason for this entry to be different.
